I would like to create a new tool to visualize the architecture of a neural neural network. 
The network architecture is defined in a yaml file. An example is provided in config/model.yaml

The yaml file contains a list modules under the key "modules". The first and last module represent the input and output layers respectively. The first module is always named "entry" while the last module is always named "exit". Each module has a name and a cls definition. The input source is specified in the "inp_src" field. 

For the "entry" module, the "inp_src" field is a list of input sources to the entire network. They are specified by positional arguments with the name "arg:0", "arg:1", etc. This module simply relays the input arguments to other downstream modules, such that "arg:n" can appear in any other module's "inp_src" field. 

For all modules between the "entry" and "exit" modules, the "inp_src" field is a list of input sources either from the "entry" module or from other modules. If the input source is from a module other than the "entry" module, it can be specified only by the module name without specifying the output index if the number of output of that module is 1, or by the module name and the output index if the number of output of that module is greater than 1. For example, if a module named "foo" has 2 outputs, then the input source can be specified as "foo:0" or "foo:1". The output index is optional if the module has only one output, and not optional if the module has more than one output. The number of output of a module is specified in the "out_num" field if it is greater than 1. If the "out_num" field is not specified, it is assumed to be 1.

The "exit" module's "inp_src" represents the actual output of the entire network. It is specified as a dictionary with the keys being the output names and the values being the input sources. Thus the output of the entire neural network is a dictionary, which helps the user to distinguish between different outputs.

Given these specifications, I would like to create a new tool based on ReactFlow to visualize the architecture of a neural network. The tool should be able to read the yaml file and generate a diagram that shows the modules and their connections. The diagram should be easy to read and understand, and should clearly show the input sources and output destinations for each module. 

Specifically, I would like the following features:
1. Read a yaml config file and parse the module definitions.
2. Generate a diagram that shows the modules and their connections. For each module, generate a node with the module name and cls definition. The connections between the modules should be represented by arrows connecting the nodes. The connection should be labeled with the input source name, e.g. "arg:0", "foo:1", etc.
3. The diagram should show all nodes clearly and without clutter. It should try to place the nodes in a way that minimizes the number of crossing lines and makes the diagram easy to read.


There are a couple of things I want you to fix:
1. for the "entry" module, the handle or port of an edge should be separate for each input source. For example, "arg:0" edge and "arg:1" edge should have separate handles. Right now all edges from the "entry" module are starting from the handle. Make them separate.
2. The number of input handles for all other modules than "entry" and "exit" should be equal to the number of input sources. For example, if a module has 2 input sources, then it should have 2 input handles. Currently, all non-entry and non-exit modules have the same number of input handles regardless of the actual number of input sources.
3. Change the entry node's color to #4e9af2; the middle nodes' color to #814ae8; the exit node's color to #e8994a.